Expose Errors for API docs. (#355)
scale-it/algo-builder: CHANGELOG.md

+ Replaced dependency `find-up` with `findup-sync` in `algob`.
+ Added `algopy` in `@algo-builder/algob/sample-project`, which enables users to pass template parameters to PyTEAL contracts. Updated docs.
+ Update runtime to process execParams.deployASA, deploySSC, OptInToASA, OptIntoSSC

> + Exported `@algorand-builder/algob`, `@algorand-builder/runtime` ERRORS in API docs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Exported `@algorand-builder/algob`, `@algorand-builder/runtime` error types and make it accessible for API documentation.
```
